Ecai23 (#264)
whitemech/Plan4Past: README.md

domain_parser = DomainParser()
problem_parser = ProblemParser()

domain = domain_parser(Path("ignore/examples/pddl/domain.pddl").read_text(encoding="utf-8"))

> problem = problem_parser(Path("ignore/examples/pddl/p-0.pddl").read_text(encoding="utf-8"))

Reviewer: to be fixed

Reviewer: What do you think about:

```python

domain_path = Path("tests/benchmarks/deterministic/BF/blocksworld_ppltl/domain.pddl")
problem_path = Path("tests/benchmarks/deterministic/BF/blocksworld_ppltl/p2.pddl")

formula = "on_b_a & O(ontable_c)"
domain_parser = DomainParser()
problem_parser = ProblemParser()

domain = domain_parser(domain_path.read_text(encoding="utf-8"))
problem = problem_parser(problem_path.read_text(encoding="utf-8"))
goal = parse_pltl(formula)
```

Reviewer: I tried to fix this at https://github.com/whitemech/Plan4Past/commit/120b58201688801c7907c74bc95b82830a193f94.

To add the changes on top of this PR you can do:

```
git cherry-pick 120b58
```

(or if we want to update the commit that introduced the problem, we would have to do a rebase).

However, I could not test locally, but it looks like it does not work :scream:  (fast-downward is not able to find a plan).

Reviewer 2: ok, the path looks good. Why is not working? 😱

Reviewer: the formula was not correct anymore because the constants were changed. I restored the previous example, I put the files in `tests/examples/blocksworld` (see [6b62472](https://github.com/whitemech/Plan4Past/pull/264/commits/6b624726aeec61fbccf59a03a51810de3cad55f2))

Reviewer 2: ok, thank you

> problem = problem_parser(Path("ignore/examples/pddl/p-0.pddl").read_text(encoding="utf-8"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
domain_path = Path("tests/benchmarks/deterministic/BF/blocksworld_ppltl/domain.pddl")
problem_path = Path("tests/benchmarks/deterministic/BF/blocksworld_ppltl/p2.pddl")

formula = "on_b_a & O(ontable_c)"
domain_parser = DomainParser()
problem_parser = ProblemParser()

domain = domain_parser(domain_path.read_text(encoding="utf-8"))
problem = problem_parser(problem_path.read_text(encoding="utf-8"))
goal = parse_pltl(formula)
```

## Citing

If you use Plan4Past in your research, please consider citing the following papers.

- For deterministic (classical) planning:
```
@inproceedings{icaps2023bdffgs,
  author       = {Luigi Bonassi and
                  Giuseppe {De Giacomo} and
                  Marco Favorito and
                  Francesco Fuggitti and
                  {Alfonso Emilio} Gerevini and
                  Enrico Scala},
  title        = {{Planning for Temporally Extended Goals in Pure-Past Linear Temporal Logic}},
  booktitle    = {{ICAPS}},
  pages        = {61--69},
  publisher    = {{AAAI} Press},
  year         = {2023}
}
```
- For non-deterministic (FOND) planning:
```
@inproceedings{ecai2023bdffgs,
  author       = {Luigi Bonassi and
                  Giuseppe {De Giacomo} and
                  Marco Favorito and
                  Francesco Fuggitti and
                  {Alfonso Emilio} Gerevini and
                  Enrico Scala},

>   title        = {{FOND} Planning for Pure-Past Linear Temporal Logic Goals},

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  title        = {{{FOND} Planning for Pure-Past Linear Temporal Logic Goals}},
```
